good evening ladies and gentlemen and
welcome to your very own everbank field
for this evenings family night at
jaguars scrimmage presented by florida
blue we want to thank all of our fans
for joining us here tonight be sure you
stick around until the end following
tonight's scrimmage will have a
fireworks show and the players an Aurora
will sign some autographs along the
field wall Jaguar fans get out of your
seats and on your feet it's time to
introduce your 2013 Texan Bell Jaguars
please welcome to field the Jaguars
special teams
next up the defensive line
let's hit four linebackers
and now the defensive bags
please welcome a your offensive line
next up the Titans
make some noise for your quarter bags
next up are you running bags
and for the last position group let's
hear it for the wide receivers
now please welcome the Jaguars coaches
led by head coach Gus Bradley fans let's
hear it one more time for your
Jacksonville Jaguars
ladies and gentlemen to honor America
please stand and remove your hats for
the singing of our national anthem the
colors for tonight's scrimmage are being
presented by the First Coast high school
JROTC and the flag is being held by
members of the Jaguars women's club
tonight's anthem is being performed by
this Smith girls Jaguars are set up
first-and-goal bowl at the 3-yard line
lonnie pryor the ball carrier number 96
Pennell egg bow in on the stop sets up
second and goal ball spotted at the 2
yard line
touchdown Jaguars pennies pass is
complete to the tight end number 89
Marcedes Lewis a 2-yard touchdown school